Ricky Toby oh I don't know seven a man
killed neg if you move I strike you and
if you do not move I strike Oh solution
people
you comes to year I will strike just
don't move oh you had it right the first
time then what happens she could find
Toby oh right rikki-tikki-tavi comes and
says it's a child that's not supposed to
move oh hey this things tidy yeah his
name's teddy okay what's a really good
joke you know Jones is the animator of
it oh it's a check Jones out version of
a key tikki tavi married is Little mine
mine mine mine mine mine mine yep
here the line on you I think you look
good with a lion's name you got your
sunglasses some hello just got I'm Simba
I think I need to get a picture oh hello
mom hello dad I'm Simba hello Simba you
tell me let's take a picture Tommy will
take home adjust I like okay Tommy who
should be what for the group selfie
we'll do a group selfie with what should
I be of these animals can I be giraffe
alliance I would really like to be a
giraffe okay you got a giraffe I'd like
to be well I'm kind of partial to the
zebra actually there you go you can be
the zebra okay I'll be the zebra
although with your dark hair actually
the zebra would look better on you and
this imagine that your it'll blend in
yeah I'll born like plus 0 natural do I
have to run though if I'm the giraffe
awkwardly Tommy you'll be the monkey
daddy can be the monkey and you'd be the
tiger this is ok that works ok let's see
ok so Tommy's tiger Tommy the tiger how
you can you have to stop
this is what we do on Saturdays me
really badly you know the bin it's
completely completely medicine without
me no no we should return a pic selfie I
love actually you can't like that
work but it was nice of you to offer ok
all done anyway I gotta do this up but
non-video aces ok wait I'm just video
Incas ok wait oh yeah we need somewhere
with a blank or wall let me just keep
them okay I gotta go again oh I got a
reverse reverse no no no I'm Peter
holding you hold that Oh video selfies
ok second here we go first first page
let's squish squish ok Peter come over
you're not doing the thing with your
notes Twitter yes is Norman ah well we
wanted to do it yourself ok you old that
one that's good it's on its video ok ok
I can't see Peters face I thought don't
make the face I can't I can't even hey
guys it's my lord have mercy thank you
right hello I'm Tigger TI double girl I
don't know I feel like on door dogs
music we try I had to get the other
stuff mmm big deal